Come on, what's going on this time?
The young master is all done by Dingtai Group
Chen Zhixiong's female bodyguard reaches out, it's scary
Damn, Chen Zhixiong is really a gutsy gunboat
Bad things happen to me over and over again
I really think my little master, I dare not touch him
Haha, the little master has such a big temper!
Why are you here?
I heard that Chu Lao came to eat in Tianhaidu
I took a trip.
What's the problem?
Don't talk to me
Chu Guohui for an outsider
Just like me
How come?
You and Chu Guohui are both citizens of my uncle
Don't you know what kind of virtue he has?
The head of the family is Chu Guohui as the bride
I'm just an errand boy.
How can they be compared?
I'm here for one thing
What's up
The head of the family found the long-lost seven-year-old flesh and blood
I've come to see the future heir
What new inheritance?